hello quick video here somebody could
help me out this is the most puzzling
thing I've ever seen
anyways this is my Jersey that I
purchased from NHO or shop nhl.com arm
when the Jets returned to Winnipeg back
in 2011-12 um anyways if you see it is
an extra-large um it's just a blank back
jersey um I didn't want to pay the 200
bucks or whatever for us on number
Jersey but anyways so about that one fit
great all that good stuff one anyways ah
good old Evander Kane left the Jets so I
was able to get this Jersey on for 50
bucks um I did get it from Amazon from a
third-party seller
um this is what's baffling I have done
my personal research on this Jersey and
it seems authentic I mean as authentic
as they can get um if you notice the one
from shop nhl.com the biggest thing you
want to look for is this right here
should be bubbled that's kind of like a
security strip and your money
um so authentic Jersey will have that
Reebok and that you feel bubbled also
look underneath your patch you should
see stitching that right there is signs
that this is definitely authentic also
another thing you want to look for
obviously is your patch right here and
then on the inside well I remove up
nineteen remove it right there
that shows manufacturing date yellow
scan code the serial number and all that
and of course you know you want to check
out you know all your stitching and then
the big thing is you want to look for is
this emblem your front
crest or whatever you wanna call it
should be flat that is a pancake
anyway so I know this is obviously
authentic so you know I got it from shop
at nhl.com so this is definitely not
questionable what my issue is with this
Jersey and you will notice we'll go over
the same things it does have the
security bubble just like that
pull your tag back stitching on the
inside your logo logo on the inside so
then deal this one is manufactured 614
scan code and everything else stitching
looks great front patch it's flat as a
pancake actually it's a little bit
flatter than this one but I have washed
this so organized done for the day
and numbering is nice and stitched if we
turn it over and it's going to better
view straighten it up a bit
nameplate looks good I'll tackle twirled
and stitched tackle twirled and stitch
now here's my question though okay this
is the issue now I'm just killing it so
they ever mislabeled a size of a jersey
through NHL now either this is the
world's greatest knockoff I own quite a
bit of hockey jerseys but anyways if you
see this is an XXL my original one is an
extra-large this one is roughly four
inches shorter
my extra-large and also the width is
about maybe an inch or so and width from
our pathar bit shorter so it actually
fits smaller than my extra-large um I
have contacted the seller he said he's
going to look at it and he said possibly
mislabelling I have never heard of Miss
labeling on authentic Jersey but it's
possible I've tried to live in a
research and homework but I can't find
anything about that but you know like I
said I mean this is probably if it is a
knockoff the world's greatest knockoff I
mean whoever made this and it doesn't
make any sense because why would they
put all this effort into making a
knockoff Jersey it doesn't make any
sense because you know especially with
this right here you know that is the
proper length the actual Reebok cut
right there is proper everything else is
exactly proper everything is stitched
properly I mean I can't emphasize that
enough
um the front logo right here I mean as I
said as flat as a pancake all the other
tags the material I mean it's everything
is the same I mean there's no I mean
look at that how can you say that's a
knockoff hard to say but you know you
gave I mean I really encourage some
comments um just to kind of give me some
guidance here what I'm going to do is
since it's still tagged I only got it a
few days ago and I have contacted the
seller um he said possibly mislabeled I
can't emphasize that enough that's kind
of a head scratcher there but I'm going
to be returning it my whole goal is
obviously Patrick a or Patrick aid a
vendor cane can suck my ass a little
whiny bitch but on what I'm going to do
is I'm going to remove all want to
remove this nameplate right here and put
hole on it so he you know bobby hull's
number
then you have Hall on there you know
makes more sense than Kane obviously
Bobby Hall never played for the Winnipeg
Jets in the NHL you know that was WHL
days but still maybe cool and have home
on there with the number nine and anyway
so if you could give me some feedback
what the hell the deal is is it possibly
that they just mislabeled this that this
is just a large not a double XL I mean
that's a helluva mislabeling right there
you know like I said on putting them on
is completely different on this one's
bad deal are me which I let my jerseys a
little bit baggy and this one is like
fit to contour on my body
um and I don't like that feeling with
the polyester you know you know even
though I do wear an undershirt usually
with it but I mean it's it's a sausage
sausage stuffing almost for me I'm a
pretty big dude so you know I like my
jerseys and stuff pretty big when I
ordered this one um I did do my
measurements on myself and that seemed
like the proper jersey to wear and it
was it's a good fit but you know I
didn't want our new Jets numbered and
named play the jersey which I'm going to
be changing a nameplate if I can get the
proper damn Jersey hopefully this Amazon
seller jarhead jag head I think is what
it is jag head on Amazon arm is what I
got it from but anywho if you can give a
little bit of feedback what the hell the
deal is that would be fantastic thank
you very much